docs/source/modules/index.rst, before:

Using the modules
=================

TODO: Some of this should be moved to the source code as module docstrings, etc.
TODO: Some of this should be moved to the documentation of a specific module.


Usage
-----

::

   import bofh
   from getpass import getuser, getpass

   # Get a client by connecting to bofhd
   url = 'https://example.org:8000'
   cacert = '/path/to/ca.pem'
   client = bofh.connect(url=url, cert=cacert)

   # You'll need to authenticate to access restricted commands
   client.login(getuser(), getpass())

   # Call commands on the client object
   try:
       client.user.info('foo')
       client.run_command('user_info', 'foo')
   finally:
       client.logout()


``run_command`` vs ``<group>.<command>``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``run_command`` command returns de-serialized, structured data, as returned by
the XML-RPC server. This is probably what you want to use:

::

   >>> client.run_command('group_list', 'foo')
   [{'expired': None, 'type': u'account', 'id': 42, 'name': u'foo'}]


The generated ``<group>.<command>`` attributes calls
``run_command('<group>_<command>')``, and formats the structured output
according to suggestions provided by the XML-RPC server. This is really only
useful if you're building a REPL/interactive client:

::

   >>> print client.group.list('foo')
   Type       Name       Expired
   account    foo        <not set>


Errors
~~~~~~
Any error from the XML-RPC server is raised as an exception in pybofh:

::

   >>> client.user.info('does_not_exist')
   Traceback (most recent call last):
     File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 211, in __call__
       ret = self._bofh.run_command(self._fullname, *args)
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 525, in run_command
       return self._run_raw_sess_command("run_command", command, *args)
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 461, in _run_raw_sess_command
       return run_command()
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 459, in run_command
       raise BofhError(msg)
   bofh.proto.BofhError: Could not find Account with name=does_not_exist


Timeouts
~~~~~~~~

The ``bofh.connect()`` method accepts a ``timeout`` argument. This can be used
to abort from long-running command executions. This however, does not imply that
the command is aborted on the server side, it will run until completion. If the
response of the command is essential, do not set a timeout.

When a timeout occurs, ``socket.timeout`` will be raised.

::

   import bofh
   import socket

   client = bofh.connect(url='https://example.org:8000',
                         cert='/path/to/ca.pem',
                         timeout=2)
   client.login(getuser(), getpass())

   try:
       client.user.history('bootstrap_account')
   except socket.timeout:
       print('Ooops. I did it again.')

Commit message:

Finish up re-branding pybofh to bofh
- Update GPL3 notice to use URL over address, and to match the examples
  at <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>

- Replace *pybofh* references in docs, docstrings, comments with *bofh*

- Fix a couple of code style issues in setup.py

- Update examples/ to more modern standards

A few uses of the pybofh name is being kept (for now) for backwards
compatibility:

- executable name (the installed `pybofh` script/entrypoint)

- man-page for the executable

- Environment variables (PYBOFH_*)

- Filesystem locations (e.g. /etc/pybofh, ~/.config/pybofh, ...)

docs/source/modules/index.rst, after:

Using the modules
=================

TODO: Some of this should be moved to the source code as module docstrings, etc.
TODO: Some of this should be moved to the documentation of a specific module.


Usage
-----
A short example that connects to a bofh server, performs login, and runs the
``user_info`` bofh command with argument ``foo``:
::

   import bofh
   from getpass import getuser, getpass

   # Get a client by connecting to bofhd
   url = 'https://example.org:8000'
   client = bofh.connect(url=url)

   # You'll need to authenticate to access restricted commands
   client.login(getuser(), getpass())

   # Call commands on the client object
   try:
       client.user.info('foo')
       client.run_command('user_info', 'foo')
   finally:
       client.logout()


``run_command`` vs ``<group>.<command>``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The ``run_command`` command returns de-serialized, structured data, as returned by
the XML-RPC server. This is probably what you want to use:

::

   >>> client.run_command('group_list', 'foo')
   [{'expired': None, 'type': u'account', 'id': 42, 'name': u'foo'}]


The generated ``<group>.<command>`` attributes calls
``run_command('<group>_<command>')``, and formats the structured output
according to suggestions provided by the XML-RPC server. This is really only
useful if you're building a REPL/interactive client:
::

   >>> print(client.group.list('foo'))
   Type       Name       Expired
   account    foo        <not set>


Errors
~~~~~~
Any error from the XML-RPC server is raised as an exception in bofh:
::

   >>> client.user.info('does_not_exist')
   Traceback (most recent call last):
     File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 211, in __call__
       ret = self._bofh.run_command(self._fullname, *args)
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 525, in run_command
       return self._run_raw_sess_command("run_command", command, *args)
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 461, in _run_raw_sess_command
       return run_command()
     File "bofh/proto.py", line 459, in run_command
       raise BofhError(msg)
   bofh.proto.BofhError: Could not find Account with name=does_not_exist


Timeouts
~~~~~~~~
The ``bofh.connect()`` method accepts a ``timeout`` argument. This can be used
to abort from long-running command executions. This however, does not imply that
the command is aborted on the server side, it will run until completion. If the
response of the command is essential, do not set a timeout.

When a timeout occurs, ``socket.timeout`` will be raised.

::

   import bofh
   import socket

   client = bofh.connect(url='https://example.org:8000',
                         cert='/path/to/ca.pem',
                         timeout=2)
   client.login(getuser(), getpass())

   try:
       client.user.history('bootstrap_account')
   except socket.timeout:
       print('Ooops. I did it again.')
